Note: Directly copied from Arkenfox wiki on 2024-11-17.

[Link to the original source](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/wiki/3.4-Apply-&-Update-&-Maintain)

---

#### 🟪 APPLY

If you are not using a new profile, we recommend running our [cleanup script](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/blob/master/scratchpad-scripts/arkenfox-cleanup.js), the instructions are in the file.

- 🔹 Put all the relevant files into the root folder of your profile <sup>[1]</sup>
  - prefsCleaner
  - updater
  - user.js [NOTE: Do not edit this file directly]
  - user-overrides.js [NOTE: this is the file you created, you edit this file with your changes]
- 🔽 **CONTINUE** with the UPDATE part below

<sup>1</sup> To find your profile, open `about:support` and look for `Profile Folder` under `Application Basics`.

#### 🟪 ESR USERS

- 🔹 While it is recommended that users use the arkenfox release that matches their Firefox version, it isn't mandatory
- 🔸 option one (recommended)
  - Stick with the matching arkenfox version, and not use the updater. You would then need to;
    - Update the `user.js` manually once each ESR major release to match, as arkenfox will already be past that version
    - Append and update your overrides manually to the end of the `user.js` (and keep a copy)
- 🔸 option two
  - Use the updater (with the [`-esr` command](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/wiki/5.1-Updater-[Options]), and this will append your `user-overrides.js`, and of course run prefsCleaner
  - This may cause compatibility or protection issues, as arkenfox is designed per release. The onus is on you.

#### 🟪 UPDATE

- 🔹 Run the updater
  - so the contents of your `user-overrides.js` is appended to the `user.js`
- 🔹 ALWAYS run prefsCleaner
  - make sure Firefox is closed
  - this will reset prefs that aren't needed or can cause issues, as well as keep things clean and tidy
  - you can read more about prefsCleaner next

#### 🟥 UPDATE ERROR

- 🔹 If you get an `Update failed. Make sure Powershell is allowed internet access` error
  - run as administrator
  - if you still get the error, then run `Get-ChildItem env:\__PSLockDownPolicy`
    - if you have a PSLockDownPolicy, [change](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57032747/how-to-change-powershell-mode-to-fulllanguage-mode-from-constrained-mode#57032893) it to `Full Language Mode` (value 8)

#### 🟪 MAINTAIN

Each release <sup>1</sup>, or whenever you modify your `user-overrides.js`

- 🔹 Check for the latest [changelog](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+label%3Achangelog)
- 🔹 Run the updater
  - so the contents of your `user-overrides.js` is appended to the NEW `user.js`
- 🔹 Run prefsCleaner

#### 🟪 RSS FEEDS

- 🔹 [releases](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/releases.atom) <sup>1</sup> - **h**ttps://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/releases.atom
- 🔹 [commits](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/commits/master.atom) - **h**ttps://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/commits/master.atom

<sup>1</sup> Arkenfox changes to the live master `user.js` happen once per release: all changes are done in a separate branch and only merged when finished. There is no guarantee when it is done - hopefully within a week of the Firefox release. Nothing of consequence (in the user.js) changes these days that will affect you in that time delay. **_Do not wait on arkenfox to update Firefox_**.
